[Music]
hey what's up guys
today i'll show you a supernatural
thriller film the room
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
matt is a broke artist struggling to
make a living with his wife
who receives only a mean income as a
translator
with all the savings left they purchase
a cheap secluded manner in a remote area
in maryland
hoping to escape the noisy and expensive
city life
while renovating they discover a large
steel door
that leads to an empty room after
experiencing frequent electrical
shortages
the couple calls an electrician to check
the wiring the next day
but only find the massive power lines
tangling and running along the walls and
floorboards of the property
because of that the electrician leaves
without doing any maintenance
but exclaims his surprise that the
property is finally sold after some many
years vacancy
considering the previous owners were
murdered on site
at night matt searches the internet for
the house history
and gets to know the deaths of a young
couple who were murdered 40 years ago
by a suspect john doe with his identity
unrecorded to the police
the suspect was later sent on trial and
put into confinement in a local
psychiatric hospital
where he couldn't even remember his own
identity and explain his prime motive
for the murder
shaken by the mysterious murder case
though bat has to settle down here
for they can't afford to live somewhere
else later
he stumbles into the room and entertains
himself with some alcohol
while drunkenly wishing for another
bottle of alcohol he's astonished to
find that
after a flicker of the table lamp the
room promptly grants him a bottle
full of the same alcohol as he wishes
the next morning
kate finds matt in the room surrounded
by many famous paintings
such as mona lisa from da vinci in those
from van gogh
matt is excited to explain that the room
seems to possess some unknown magic
power
that can turn whatever wishes to the
real kate doubts a little bit
but soon finds it true as she makes her
first wish for a million of cash
over the next several days the couple
quit their jobs and party all day long
in the magic room
which would never say no but
continuously satisfies their wishes and
desires
flattered by the sudden wealth they seem
to have totally left the strange murder
case behind
as time passes by however the two
eventually get bored by such a luxurious
life
in which they can just get whatever they
want without any pains and efforts
in order to cheer his wife up matt
proposes a raw hormone exercise
to get a child as her companion
believing that they can afford the child
a better life with the room's magic
power
kate however gets angry and reminds him
of her two previous unforgettable
miscarriages
which she can't put herself through
until today
regretting that stupid proposal though
the husband is soon horrified by kate's
crazy idea
who wants to wish for a son from the
magic room
despite matt's strong opposition kate
later wishes for a giant baby in the
room secretly
in a great panic matt tells her what
she's done is wrong
and tries to wish away the child in the
magic room but to no success
after all noticing that his wife finds
her comfort from the baby
matt chooses to accept it but later
worrying about the murder case he leaves
the house someday in search of the
killer
at psychiatric hospital matt meets the
killer john doe
now an old man wondering why he killed
the owner couple 40 years ago
the old man however tells him nothing
more than that he had to do that way
he then warns matt and his wife to leave
that house before it's too late
matt leaves with so many questions
unanswered as he tries to refuel his car
with some cash
made by the magic room he's frightened
to notice that the cash placed in his
pocket
has turned to ash he races back in fear
and throws a handful of cash out of the
window which also turns into ash very
soon
he then tests his theory by placing his
van gogh painting
partially over the threshold as he
suspected
anything that leaves the house
experiences rapid aging and decay
while the rest staying inside remains
undestroyed
wondering the secret hidden inside the
magic room he then breaks the floor and
wall
but only finds its covered all over by
the power lines
which he believes produce the unknown
magic power and protect the stuff it
creates
from aging and decaying just as he comes
to this realization
kate tells him that she's taking the
baby out for some fresh air
he hesitates and doesn't stop her
moments later
kate screams out in a panic when
noticing the baby quickly ages
outside the house matt rushes to bring
the baby back
but only finds he's turned into a young
boy
knowing the truth kate has to keep the
boy inside the house ever since then
and tries hard to remove his curiosity
to the outside world
claiming that it's totally contaminated
by the deadly virus
someday the boy nearly reaches out with
his fingers but fortunately gets stopped
by the coming mother
who seals up all the doors and windows
around subsequently
to prevent that from happening again
the couple's marriage deteriorates as
kate focuses too much of her attention
on the boy
while matt chooses to ignore him
entirely and becomes frustrated
days later however the boy overhears the
secret powers of the magic
room driven by his curiosity he wishes
for an outdoor
world where he entertains himself with
the snowman
kate admires her son's creativity in
such a fantastic world
while matt believing that it's just the
beginning of their nightmare
drags the boy inside in anger and locks
the room
right at that time they're interrupted
by a call from the john doe
it's revealed that the john doe was also
a child wish granted by the room
as a result his identity remains unknown
to the police
frustrated by their sons aging on the
outside though the former owner couple
soon realized that as the creators
themselves
they had to die in order for their son
to live
eventually the couple chose to end their
lives in exchange for the life of their
beloved son
matt and kate are shocked by the truth
and find it hard to accept that
kate drives the car out in great
frustration and sorrow
and attempts to kill herself in order
for her son to live
but to no success on the other side
the sun loses his temper and argues to
find his mom back
causing that to lose his patience
finally and thus tell him that kate is
not his real mother
that night kate comes back still
unwilling to accept the failure
she then proposes to try for a natural
child with matt
the next morning however the two wakes
up but are shocked to find that their
boy has turned into a hormone mature
but mine childish man who ages himself
purposely
after overhearing that the two are gonna
have another baby and exclaims that kate
lied to him about everything
he then threatens the couple with matt's
gun but is distracted by kate
trying to calm him down and promising
that they could be together forever
matt knocks him to the floor and the two
fall into a dogfight
but causing kate to lose her
consciousness
when she awakens matt tells her he'd
killed their son while they fought for
the gun
and his body is taken outside and turned
into ash
heartbroken by the news though kate has
to accept the outcome
and is determined to leave the sad place
forever to her surprise
matt tries to convince her to stay here
for long
alerted by his childish oral and body
languages kate suddenly realizes that
that is actually her son in disguise who
just turns himself into her husband
she struggles hard to run away but to no
success
the son overpowers her soon and begins
to release his devil hormones on her
meanwhile real husband matt while
regaining his consciousness
breaks and tunnels through the walls
before finally managing to free himself
out of the confinement room but he's
shocked to find that
he enters into the alternate outside
that the sun created
he rushes into the replicated property
just as the sun is assaulting kate
while the two come face to face trying
to sway kate to their side
kate figures out the fake mat and pushes
him down the stairs
the two flees away quickly and soon
realize that they're confined by
multiple layers of the same house
created by the sun which unfortunately
gives the sun enough time to catch up
the sun corners them at the door of the
house and stabs the husband to death
immediately he then tries to appease
kate
but only finds she's standing still
while another couple is escaping outside
realizing that the two in front are just
created to mislead him
the sun rushes towards them quickly the
couple runs
all the way to the same door again
however unaware that it's the last layer
of the house
the sun plunges at the husband who
manages to drag him outside into the
real world
where the sun is aging rapidly and tries
to race back into the house
but kate locks the door behind him and
just watches there
despite his begging outside like a child
till he crumbles into ash
not long after that the couple abandons
the evil house
and moves to a motel for their temporary
shelter
in the final scene however while locking
herself inside the motel room from her
husband
kate stares in horror at a positive
pregnancy test with a table lamp
flickering
this is daniel cc movie channel bye